You know me don't you?
Okay it's Friday the 9th of June, one o'clock.
Uh, present Mike Nicholson, Sue Nicholson and...
Kevin.
Kevin Horder and...
And Jess.
Bishop.
Jess Bishop.
Welcome guys.
Okay so Kevin, if we start with you, can you just tell us a little bit about yourself?
Maybe your name, where you come from and stuff like that.
Um, Living Bullock.
Living Bullock, which is in Chepstow.
Yeah.
You attend Chepstow Mencap, is that right?
Yeah, yeah.
How long have you been coming to Chepstow Mencap?
41 years.
41 years?
80, yeah, about 82.
About 82, right, so nearly since the beginning then.
Half after the beginning.
And how about you Jess, where are you from?
Cardicat.
Yeah.
Sorry.
I don't know, that's fine.
And you attend Chepstow Mencap, is that right?
Mmm, I don't know really, it must be a long time ago.
Looks like I can't remember.
Oh, how long you've been coming, yeah?
It's been a good while, hasn't it?
Well since from the old one, but then they came over a year, so I really don't know.
I don't come up to Mencap very often.
I think it's about 10 years.
Because we move them down there and then we move them up here, so I don't know.
That's right, and most of it tends to be out where you live and in the evenings, isn't it?
Yeah, that's when you want to come in the evenings.
Yeah, because you live in Cardicat, we tend to come out to you, don't we, when we do the events out there.
Yeah.
And actually Jess, you're the first one that we've interviewed who lives on their own, lives independently.
I used to live with my mum and dad a long time ago, but they're not around, so.
Yeah, so you live in your own flat, is that right?
Yeah, yeah.
And if you don't mind me saying, Kev and Jess actually met at Chepstow Mencap, is that right?
Yeah, five years ago.
Five years ago?
So how long have you been together?
That I don't know, we met at Chepstow School.
Five years, you've been in a relationship together?
Yeah, Thursday night.
Thursday night, yeah.
That's when John Butter was live.
Yeah.
Yeah, so you met on the Thursday night social group?
Okay, so do you remember the actual night or is it?
I don't know, I think he's got the detail, I don't know.
You do?
18th of January.
Wow, so that must have stuck out.
So do you know what you were doing at the time?
No.
18th of January?
That's last year, wasn't it?
That was when the sports group joined the cooking group when we started to do events together, wasn't it?
Yeah, that was the cooking group on Thursday night with Annie.
So you were in a cooking group originally and Kev you were...
You were doing sports with the boys, weren't you?
With Gary.
With Gary and the boys doing the sports evening.
Oh nice, and you've been together ever since?
Yeah, since.
I'm not sure if this is going to be edited out but was it love at first sight for the both of you?
Hmm, I don't know, I don't know really, just in between.
He grew on you, did he?
Yes, and she grew on you, was it Kev?
Well it was a bit difficult, yeah, but there you go.
You just have to get on with it because he can't text like he normally does because he keeps playing with his phone too much and wants a new phone.
So he rings and says, I love you, that's all he can do.
Well, we do talk and he says, I love you, I love you too, okay.
But, you know, yeah, but sometimes he does it on his phone and says, I love you, and he says, I love you too Kev, and they can keep playing with their phones too much, don't you?
Well that's nice to be told you love, don't they?
That's so nice.
So what things do you do at Chepstermencap then Kev? Can you tell me a little bit about your time with Chepstermencap?
Just go to the club, to the club.
Chepstermencap?
Chepstermencap? Is that where you first started?
Yeah, in 82.
In 82?
Yeah.
Okay, tell me a little bit about how that started then.
I don't know.
Am I right in saying you used to be the DJ at the Chepstermencap?
Yeah, DJ, yeah.
You were the DJ at the Chepstermencap?
We'd go on the mountain, yeah.
Yeah, you and the boys behind the decks?
Yeah.
So what kind of music do you used to play?
I used to play the band.
A bit of everything, was it?
So what did you do? Was Saturday club at the Ledger Centre?
Yeah.
Yeah. I remember coming to that as a kid and we used to go for a swimming session, didn't we?
And then play sports afterwards and go for a drink in the bar.
Did you learn to swim at Mencap?
Probably, yeah.
Probably.
That's a long time ago, isn't it, 82?
Yeah.
So what about you, Jess? Do you remember when you first came to Mencap?
I really haven't got a clue, to be honest, Mike. I don't know.
Would it have been at the social evenings with Annie?
Well, we'd do a lot of different things. We'd do cook, we'd eat and then we'd come to join with you with the best of the gang, try to drink that tune.
So I really don't know how long that go is. I really don't know.
That's fine if you don't know the dates or anything.
I don't know dates.
I don't know either myself, to be honest.
Are they all marriages, doesn't it?
Yeah.
Well, I've definitely known you since I started working here, so that's a good over 10 years that I've been working with you.
And yeah, so when I've seen you two together, it's mainly been in the evening groups, isn't it?
So what evening groups do you remember? Can you remember any activities you've done?
Well, I used to do a cookery, we used to do sports with you a lot and then we'd done cookery with the girls quite a few times with the girls.
And then we went to review, so it was a long time ago.
That's a year before, I don't know.
We used to go to the pub for a pint.
Yeah, yeah, sometimes.
The Hay Wain and Caldecott, yeah.
We used to go to Chepster one as well, sometimes.
Yeah, the Bent Barn.
Yeah.
Thank you, mum.
That's all stopped now because of the germs and the Covid.
It did stop during Covid, didn't it?
Yeah.
Sorry, Kev, what did you say?
Dairy Centre.
The Lentre Centre?
No, the other one.
Remember?
In YB?
Yeah.
Yeah, the sports hall.
No, the other one.
It's in the road.
The other one down the road.
Dairy Centre.
Oh, the Diving Centre.
Yeah.
We used to go up there.
Go there in the summer because it's nice to sit off the deck in there, isn't it?
Yeah, I remember that.
But actually...
In the coming times.
Mm-hm.
You were just saying about it doesn't happen so much now because of the germs and everything
because Covid hit, didn't it?
Mm-hm.
So were you two in contact during Covid or was it really difficult?
Probably difficult, I think.
I'm not really sure, to be honest.
Do you, Kev?
I don't know.
No.
What makes it worth us then?
How did you find Covid?
Because you live on your own, Jess.
Did you find...
You coped well with it or did you struggle?
I coped well with it because I'd been jabbed up so I didn't catch anything from it.
So you just got to be careful in what you do.
Did you find...
Did you experience any loneliness as you weren't seeing anyone as often?
I was a little bit lonely but now it's not...
Because I don't normally see people.
Only if I go for a walk and I say hello to people and that's about it.
And there's not many people around so it's quite good very often.
Did you manage with your supermarket because I know you like going to Aspen, don't you?
Yeah.
Sometimes the supermarket wouldn't let us in or only one at a time, wasn't it?
Yeah, because last time I couldn't go out because Dee had done my shopping for me because of the gym, was going around.
So one of our support workers did that for you?
Yeah, yeah.
Because I couldn't go down because the gym was going around so I couldn't do it.
So there was not so much now.
Dee takes me shopping now so...
So you can go with Dee?
Yeah.
And is it mostly Dee that...
Yeah, yeah.
If Dee's got a day off or something and I'm one of the people like Carol or something like that.
Nice.
So I know I don't like change but I always go along with it so I don't mind.
I know you don't like change.
No, I don't.
That's great but that's because I presume if Dee's having a day off she lets you know in advance.
Yeah, so she's very good at that.
And so if you've got advance notice, that's fine.
Yeah.
Oh, that's good.
So you're saying you don't like change as such but so Covid was a massive change really, wasn't it?
Yeah.
Life changed pretty much overnight.
Yeah, yeah.
But you think you coped with it pretty well and came out the other side?
Yeah.
Yeah?
We visited you quite often, didn't we, through Covid?
Yeah.
When the booster bus was coming?
Yeah, yeah, we came on more different days.
You used to look out your window, didn't you?
Yeah, yeah, you used to look out my window and say, what's that down there?
What's that coming out the road?
Oh god, these gangs.
It's this lot coming out.
Did you enjoy having the visit from the booster bus?
Yeah, the Scooby bus.
Yeah.
Yeah, it was quite good.
What about you, Ken?
Yeah, Ken, yeah.
You remember the booster bus going to Crayf?
Yeah.
I remember you used to be waiting in your garden as we were coming down the street.
Almost bang on time.
Tempting.
Yeah.
They don't do that anymore, so.
How did you find Covid then?
What did you think?
How did you feel during that time?
Very good.
Not very good?
No.
No?
Did you miss seeing people?
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah?
So you're glad things have got back to normal a bit now, right?
Yeah.
And we've started back up our social nights now.
So we've been doing different stuff from, you know, cinema nights to pub nights.
And we come into the hayway a bit more often.
So if you'd like to pop over for a drink with us, that would be nice.
Anytime you fancy it, we'll let you know when we're next there.
Michael can get a message to you.
And if you wanted to come over, you could have a meal or a drink.
Yeah, I always give Dee the letters so she'll let you know.
Yeah.
And then we fancy it.
Okay.
So what else about Chepstom Encub?
Tell us what you think about Chepstom Encub.
It's all right.
It's very good.
Very interesting.
What do you like about it?
Well, you've got friends, have a laugh and a joke, you know, that kind of stuff.
The social side of it, yeah.
Yeah.
What about you, Kev?
What does a week at Chepstom Encub look like for you?
What do you get up to during the week?
Not a lot.
Not a lot?
No.
You liar.
I know you work very hard.
Yeah, I work Tuesday and Friday.
Tuesday and Friday.
So can you tell me about what you do on those days?
I do a bore center.
Yeah?
And what do you do at bore?
I go into the dust.
So you garden at the bore community center.
Yeah.
Where else do you do the gardening?
At the church.
And what about the road?
St. Mary's Church over the road, yeah.
You cut back all the brambles, didn't you?
Yeah, this morning.
You've been there this morning?
Yeah.
What did you do there?
Cut the grass.
Yeah.
And a couple of weeks ago you painted the function hall, didn't you?
Painted the whole building.
So you do quite a lot for the community then.
It's been a long time now.
Doing it a long time, yeah.
You're very popular in church.
You have all the jobs you do.
How does that make you feel doing a day's work?
I'm good.
Yeah?
Proud of the work once you've done it?
Yeah.
You do a lovely job.
You make the community center look beautiful when it's finished.
Who do you do that with?
Richard.
Richard?
Yeah.
He's the head gardener, isn't he?
Is he a good laugh?
Hmm?
Yeah.
I always see you messing about for the most part and doing work in between.
So what else do you guys do?
Anything else?
Kev does a lot of gardening, don't you?
That seems to be your main interest.
And Jess, you tend to have people come out and do one-to-one work with you, don't you?
Yeah.
So what type of things do you do when they visit you in Caldeca?
Well, I see Dionne Friday.
I work to Penn.
I go to Penn.
Her husband goes down to the doctors and goes to the bandages.
She always gave me a ring on Thursday to see what time and say, okay, that's fine.
And she gives me two.
I do my own routine.
I go for work on a Monday.
I go for work on a Wednesday.
I go work with Dionne on Friday.
The other two days I don't.
I stay home.
I think Dee was showing me some photos the other day.
You down at the Equestrian site with the horses.
Yeah.
David Brooms, you like to go and watch the horses?
Yeah, yeah, I like watching the horses.
Kevin came us at one time, didn't you?
Yes, yeah.
Yeah.
You went together?
Yeah, we went with him with Dee.
So does Dee try and help you both get together?
Yeah.
Yeah, it's great.
Where do you tend to meet?
You just have to find the alleyways and find somewhere where I can get to.
Just over the side shops though.
Just over there.
You go Caldecott Castle?
Yeah.
What, you meet Jess there, do you?
Yeah, yeah.
That's a nice place to meet.
We did.
Yeah, that was a long time ago that was.
But now I came up here now.
Then coming to go then, yeah.
So Rich gives you a lift there.
On the bus.
On the bus, you go on the bus with Rich.
Yeah.
And Dee, you go with him.
And then you go on the bus with Rich.
Yeah.
And Dee takes you to the castle.
And you get to meet up.
Yeah.
That's nice.
How often do you do that?
It depends.
It depends, as often as you can.
Lovely.
Okay.
Oh, that's good.
Yeah, that's nice.
And haven't I seen a photo somewhere?
Who buys the other one chocolate?
Normally, yeah, normally.
But it depends, really.
You buy her chocolate, do you?
Yeah.
I don't know.
What's the price of chocolate?
It depends, yeah.
How much is it?
It depends.
Yeah.
But it depends, really.
You buy her chocolate, do you?
Yeah.
Either for either Christmas or my birthday, whichever.
Nice.
Yeah.
You just stand by the door and ask about it.
It doesn't come from my house, because my auntie wouldn't like that.
Only from my door and ask it.
Yeah.
Oh, that's fair.
That's fair enough.
It's what I literally get the opportunity to meet up, isn't it?
Mm-hmm.
You can do it on your own terms.
Yeah.
Lovely.
So five years together.
Mm-hmm.
Wow, that's a good amount of time, isn't it?
Yeah.
And you can do it on your own terms.
Lovely.
So five years together.
Mm-hmm.
Wow, that's a good amount of time, isn't it?
Yeah.
You blush in, Cap.
Huh?
You blush in.
Yeah, we do.
Oh, that's lovely.
And it's really nice to have watched your relationship grow over the years.
Mm-hmm.
And it's nice that Chepstam and Cap and your parents and carers have been able to help
you meet up, especially as you live in different towns, you know.
Sometimes it can be difficult.
And so do you have a lot of time to spend with your family?
Yeah.
I do.
And so do you have a lot of input from your aunt?
Yeah.
Yes.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, she does.
She takes me on a few holidays and, like, going to Canada.
But we stay in the hotel Monday night.
We don't fly till Tuesday.
You're going to Canada?
Yeah.
Flying from Heathrow.
Where?
Oh, wow.
On Tuesday.
Wow.
I'm so glad that...
It's a long flight, like I said.
Where in Canada are you going?
Um, Brat...
Oh, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
Can I talk to you for a minute?
Hello.
On what day are you flying in?
Um, um, Brantford.
Brantford.
Oh, I see.
Yeah, it's like in Toronto.
I call it Toronto, but it's Brantford, Toronto.
Yeah.
So, staying in the house for two weeks.
Lovely.
It could be hot over there.
That's the thing about we is.
Have you been there before?
To Canada?
Yeah, yeah, quite a few times.
What made you choose Canada then?
Well, I think it was my mother's idea before she went, so it was her idea, really.
Yeah.
How many times have you been?
Oh my gosh.
Long time ago, been on this thing.
Because it was cold at that time.
Because it was my Auntie Cass surprise birthday party
when somebody else's friend saw me.
Me and my mum and dad came and went down to somebody's house,
friends basement just downstairs.
And had to go and say hello, so and so.
And we all came up and said, surprise!
Because it was cold that time over there.
Yeah, it was quite good.
But now Jenny told me, I'm going to take you to Canada.
Oh, that'd be nice.
I can't wait.
So there we are.
We've been to Canada and I've got a feeling where you're saying
Bramford, I think that might be where Cara went with himself.
Your dad's cousin.
Yeah, but I call it Toronto.
But I call it Toronto.
But people call it, it's not Toronto, it's Bramford.
Toronto's on the other side.
I still call it Toronto.
So part of Canada, really.
That's what you know.
Yeah.
Do you buy anything when you're in Canada?
Sometimes clothes, sometimes I buy sweets.
Sometimes, depends really.
Because I go to Niagara on the lake.
Niagara?
Mm.
Wow.
I've been to Niagara Falls because when you go to Niagara Falls,
you've got this boat that takes you up by the waterfall.
Because you go with this mat thing to keep your clothes dry
or something, you just go near the, oh gosh, it's getting cold.
I'm getting wet.
No, you're not wet.
Just where the water splashes you.
It's quite fun.
Do you know people used to go over that in barrels?
Mm.
Some adrenaline junkies used to get in a little wooden barrel
and they'd float off the edge of it.
And I have no idea why.
That's stupid.
It is.
Especially when you've seen it in person.
You wouldn't want to go over there in a boat, let alone fall.
Well, it was a little boat it was.
It was quite fun.
I'm trying to think of what they call that though.
Is it Sea of the Mist or something?
Something like that.
Lady of the Mist or something like that.
Yeah.
And it's a poncho.
You're all given a certain colour poncho, aren't you?
Yeah.
To protect you.
Yeah, it's like a big mac poncho.
Yeah, I think it's either mac or poncho.
I'm not really sure.
It's to keep your clothes not too, if you get a little bit wet,
it doesn't matter anyway.
No.
That's worth it for the experience, isn't it?
It is, yeah.
And Kevin, you've just come back from holiday, haven't you?
Yeah, Landednow.
Landednow?
Yeah.
Lovely.
What did you do up there?
You know, walk.
Yeah?
Where did you go walking?
Conway.
Conway?
Yeah.
Yeah?
So did you see all the mountain ranges up there?
Yeah, yeah.
It's beautiful in North Wales, isn't it?
Loads and loads of take-hills.
Loads of?
Seagulls.
Seagulls, is it?
Trying to steal your food.
They're renowned up there for stealing your chips, aren't they?
You've got to be careful.
And Weston.
Weston.
I'm going to talk about Landednow, though.
Did you go out on the pier on the?
Yeah, a couple of times.
A couple of times.
I thought you would like it.
And the reason why I thought you would like it is just
what you're about to say.
Where did you used to go on holiday every February?
Weston.
Weston, the supermaid.
I miss it now.
We all miss it.
Yeah, we all used to go together, didn't we?
Mm.
When was the last time you went?
Last time we went was?
2000.
That's all we did.
No, about...
No.
About five years ago, I think, we stopped.
I can remember, we went to Weston, the supermaid.
There was a carnival.
That's right.
I think coming from...
You went on the coach for that.
That was...
It was at night time, it was.
With Alan Bishop.
With Alan Bishop and Margaret and then other friends,
because we were in different groups.
I went with Margaret and then we have...
And, what's his name, Alan?
And then with me, Kimberly and Jimmy,
and one came with us.
And we went in other groups
and we all went to...
Because there was normally drums and stuff comes first,
and then you've got the big carnival comes along as well.
That's all I can remember, but it is quite good.
All the floats.
Yeah, yeah, very good down there, actually.
I didn't realise you went to that.
Yeah, it was organised, it was.
That's why we all went down there.
Yeah.
And we came back late, so...
Yeah, Chester and Minkup used to organise a trip
to Weston, the supermaid,
but the actual carnival was Bridgewater Carnival.
I've been there, Kimberly, 10.
Yes, you've been to actually Bridgewater
and Glastonbury as well.
Yeah.
And it used to tour a few towns, about 10 towns.
And you used to choose to go to the one in Weston.
Yeah, it was quite good.
And why was that?
They stopped doing that now, so.
But why was it at night?
Because it was quite easy with some people.
People normally do work during the days
and some people like doing it at night times
because it's easier at night time.
So I think that's why we decided to do it at night time
because it's easier.
And it's because they all lit up, didn't they?
Yeah.
Thousands of light bulbs.
Yeah, yeah, that's why it's easy to do at night time.
Yeah.
It was quite spectacular, actually.
Mm, it was, very good.
Did you like it, Kimberly?
I mean, went to Weston, Baywater.
And Bridgewater, yes.
We used to park on a carriage four quarter.
Yeah, car park.
The garage.
That's right.
I know.
With Willett's.
Willett's coaches.
Wow.
And Clive, the driver, yes.
You've got a good memory, Kev.
A really good memory.
What a nice thing to have done then and remember.
Also, I was just talking to someone
earlier, did you used to go to sports
in the Special Olympics, Jess?
God, I don't know.
Doing sports on, practice in Swansea or?
I went to Swindon.
To London?
Swindon, the castle was somewhere.
Swindon.
Swindon?
Yeah.
Swindon, was that with the Special Olympics?
It was.
You've been a, oh wow, can you tell us a bit
about the Special Olympics?
What sports did you do?
Running.
Born.
Bumbling.
Yeah.
Was it boccia or?
Yeah, anything, yeah.
Yeah, boccia, I think they call it now.
We went to meet the Special Olympics team,
the Welsh athletes.
From the Great British team on Monday
at the Senate in Cardiff, a few of us went along
to like a good luck ceremony before they go to Berlin.
That was nice.
So did you enjoy the Special Olympics?
Was that a good experience?
Yeah, I swindled in.
In Swindon?
Yeah.
So you traveled up there and you competed in the games.
Did you win?
Yeah, a couple of times.
Yeah, did you get any, what do you get, a medal?
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, nice.
You look back on that with fond memories.
Who organized that then?
I don't know.
Not sure?
I think, if I'm right, Sarah Griswold was quite instrumental
in doing a lot of the Special Olympics trips.
Is that right?
I think there was a chap called Tony.
Tony, yeah.
Yeah, I think he used to do it with you.
And so Sarah was saying, Jess,
that she thinks she went to Swansea.
Can you remember doing any sports?
Did you run or relay anything?
Oh, well, I don't know,
because Sarah said I don't run
when I jumped on the sand on my bum.
You did the long jump then.
Well, I don't know, I can't remember.
That's what Sarah did.
Remember you used to do the long jump,
you went on your bum, I can't remember that.
It's quite a long time ago.
Yeah, it was a long time ago, I believe.
So have you ever?
That's right, I used to have run down,
having Swansea, jacking and out of bottoms.
So are you talking about the tracksuit?
Yes, the tracksuit, yeah, I still got it.
Oh, Jess.
I'm warning you, but I still got it.
I have been looking for someone
to see if they've still got their tracksuit.
I still kept mine, I still don't know if I still kept it.
Would you mind us maybe borrowing it for the exhibition?
Just for a month.
It depends what size it is.
No one will wear it.
It'll just be to show what the outfit looked like, really.
Only if you're comfortable with it,
you can have a think about it.
Yeah, I'll think about it.
You don't have to answer now.
I'll think about it.
Was it a red tracksuit or was it a black and yellow?
No, it was yellow, it was black and yellow.
Yellow, yeah, that's the one I'm familiar with
and then they had a red tracksuit in the later years,
I think, wasn't it?
Yeah, I still got my tracksuit, it was black and yellow.
Well, we would love to see it
if you'd be willing to let us see it.
I'll think about it.
It's a piece of history, isn't it?
That's kind of what this is all about.
I think we used to share bedrooms, something like that.
I remember, must be a long time ago.
I know there's a bedroom there,
it must be a long time ago, but I can't remember.
It would have been a long time ago,
but actually, before you leave today,
I do have photos of everyone
in their yellow and black tracksuits.
So we'll have a look and we'll see if you're on the photos.
Yeah, because Adrian wears his ponzi jacket now and again.
Yeah, yeah.
Adrian, he?
Yeah, yeah, he wears his jacket now and again.
Well, if you've got the tracksuit,
you must have been part of the team.
Yeah, that's where we went out to ponzi.
Yeah, so you did yours in ponzi?
Yeah, yeah, must have been, yeah,
because Sarah was there as well.
I think they did it in Birmingham as well,
I know there's a few over the years.
I'll have to look back through the photos.
My sister Wendy did it in the Isle of Wight.
Oh gosh.
And Edinburgh.
Long way away, but I'm thrilled to bits
to think you've still got the tracksuit, Jess.
That's great.
So we'll have a chat with you about that later.
Have you got any other memories
that you'd like to share about Chatsumetha?
Could be anything, good or bad, funny, sad?
No.
No, anything you can think of over the years
that you'd like to mention,
that you think would be important
for people to hear that you've done?
No, I don't know.
No, that's fair enough, that's okay.
What about you Jess?
What's that?
Have you got any memories of Chatsumetha
that you'd like to share?
Not particularly, just all good fun
and fun to laugh and joke with friends,
not particularly much.
Yeah, so just a good time all right.
Yeah.
Nice, well I'll ask you some questions then.
What do you think of the new building we've got?
Yeah, it's quite nice.
This used to be a wood barn, didn't it?
But then Kevin said,
now you've got wood down there now.
Yeah, this used to be a school originally, yeah.
And then it was kind of a-
It's like a wood thing,
you see a wood by there, wood over by there,
and then they changed it around.
It's a glass factory after all,
not a factory but a glass merchant's.
You've seen any change for wood something over there,
you said didn't you Kev?
Kev, you said you'd been moving stuff around
the woods from over there, you said didn't you,
with the wood stuff.
Oh the workshop.
Yeah, it used to be here but it's moved over there.
That's next door, that's where we do all the-
Oh, that's probably the-
The workshops at the-
Oh, that's where you swapped it around.
Ah, right.
I didn't know that.
But compared to the Barclay,
because the Barclay was a lot smaller than this place,
wasn't it?
Yeah, it was, yeah.
Do you miss the Barclay?
Yes, yes.
Yeah, you've got fun memories there?
Yeah, good things, good dinner.
Used to do a lot of-
Good dinner.
Yeah.
Yeah, they used to do that.
Yeah, you used to do a lot of little parties
in there, didn't they?
Yeah, we did.
Yeah, little fun disco things and whatever.
Good, the best,
thanks for being through the night.
You're welcome.
So there you go there, yeah?
Yeah.
So what do you think of the new space we got here?
Very big.
It's huge, isn't it?
Plenty of room.
Yeah?
Yeah, there was a lot of stuff in there.
We've had a few parties here since it's been open.
Had some good fun.
So on a Thursday night at the Barclay,
I believe you made pizzas, Jess,
in the cookery group,
and then the boys would come in later and eat the pizzas.
Yeah.
And that's how you started to combine your evening, actually.
It went from full-on cooking
to more of a social at the pub.
Yeah, it would be hungry after a game of football, wouldn't it?
Yeah.
Well, it was originally a ladies group, wasn't it?
Yeah, it was a girls group, you know, we do it.
Yeah, I think that was when I started doing all that,
I think doing a girls cookery thing.
It was.
Yeah.
And you all used to learn how to cook
and you'd make a dish on the night, which you could take home, couldn't you?
Yeah.
Yeah, we can't do that anymore.
No, no.
So what about the events that we've done over the years,
like the fashion shows and things like that?
Yeah, yeah.
Have you guys taken part in them?
No, I don't do fashion shows.
It's not my thing.
I could see, yes, when you come to the fashion show,
I don't do anything, so no, no, that's fair enough.
No, and if it's not your bag, it's not your bag, you know?
No, I said no, it's not my thing, so I'm not going to go, so.
Yeah.
Which is great, and it's great that Dee supports you
and you do things with her.
Yeah.
That suits you.
Yeah, that's what I do, like my routine, so.
You do like your routine.
Yeah.
That's important to you.
Yeah, yeah.
Is there anything you guys would like to ask us?
What do you do, Mike?
What do I do here?
Yeah.
I'm a support worker.
Yeah, I know, what do you do?
I'm a jester.
You live with Molly?
I'm a gardener.
I'm an actor.
I'm a cinema projectionist.
You don't look like an actor to me.
I'm a chef.
No, you're not, well, that's at home.
I'm a carer, but most of all, I'm a mate, I think.
We're just here to have fun, as far as I'm concerned.
Well, when are you getting married to Molly?
When am I getting married to Molly?
Now that's a question.
When?
Because every time I come up, you keep wearing that ring.
It's not a wedding ring.
No, it's not a wedding ring.
It's just a ring.
It's not on the right finger, that one.
No, it's on the left hand.
Do you want to know some exciting news?
Well.
Me and Molly have booked a wedding venue.
Where's that?
In, oh, let me remember the name of it.
Oh, Molly would kill me if she is.
Oh, gosh.
I can tell you it's called Clock Barn, and it's in, help me out, mum.
Where's that too?
In Hampshire.
Or Winster or somewhere.
Hampshire, it ends in a shire.
Oh, so it's a shire, Hampshire.
It could be the shire in New Zealand for all I know.
Oh, so we're up there.
Yeah, so in 2025, me and Molly will be.
Two years time.
Two years time, yeah.
That's where you get married, is it?
Yep, that's the plan.
Mike, you know the date?
The date?
They don't know yet, do they?
I'm not sure of the date, if we've got a general time of year.
They've got to go to the honeymoon, yes.
You've got to find what they'd get married first.
Oh, the honeymoon.
After we pay for the wedding, I think the honeymoon would be, I don't know,
either this hotel over the road or something.
Yeah.
Don't people go abroad on their honeymoon, don't they?
They do.
Oh, they just do a honeymoon, go to the hotel, stay a bit longer or whatever.
That's right.
What about you two, any wedding bells ringing?
God, no way.
No, no.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
One day, one day.
One day.
So have you got any questions?
What about you, Sue?
What do you do?
What do I do?
Yeah.
That's interesting.
So I'm actually chair of Chester Mencap, which means I do the paperwork.
And I'm interested in doing what I do as a volunteer, because I just like knowing all of you.
And, you know, I love the fact that we go out in the evenings, that we see you in the day.
I just like being involved with Chester Mencap.
But apart from that, I'm retired.
So I like holidays.
I've been on the holidays since Covid.
Chocolate enthusiast.
Yeah, totally.
I do pottery.
Oh, nice.
But I'm really no good at it.
I discovered that last night.
Oh dear.
Does that mean you have to teach her to do it again?
Her work is beautiful.
She's been humble.
Humble.
Oh, I love you.
I just don't do pots.
You do any gardening at all?
Funnily enough.
It's been a nice day.
My garden is looking beautiful.
Do you water any plants at all?
Because we do have this weather.
Mark does watering.
Right.
We've planted everything up and it's all in pots, so it's easy.
He mows the lawn.
I like sitting on it.
I've got the most lovely patio.
You're just lying in the sun.
Yeah, a couple of times.
Yeah, I think you've had squash or an ice cream on my patio.
Yeah.
Yeah, so.
How many live here for?
How many?
How many have I lived here?
Yeah.
Well, funnily enough, we moved there.
How old are you, Mike?
32 now.
So I moved into that house.
I'm 43.
Yeah.
Really?
I thought me and you were similar age.
So we moved into the house and I got pregnant that night.
With Mike, was there?
Nine months later, we had Michael.
Oh, my God.
Now he's grown up like a weed now.
Yeah.
He's grown up like a weed.
Yeah, when you're a baby, you're like this.
So I always know how long I've lived in my house.
By asking Mike how old he is.
32.
Yeah.
So I'm basically a walking time stamp.
So any other questions?
No.
It's quite nice to be asked the question.
You should be.
How tall are you?
1.2, because both 2.4.
When did I join?
Yeah.
Well, I've been involved for Checks the Men cap all my life.
I've known you guys.
How many years?
Well, 32 years.
I've known most of you.
Yeah.
But then I came back from university.
You knew me when I was that tall.
Yeah.
You'd have known him from a baby, actually.
Yeah, I got photos of some of you guys holding me as a babe.
Oh my God.
I wasn't.
Still as happy as I was.
So was anybody else was?
We're not looking us now.
Yeah, exactly.
I tell you what, Michael's going to take your photo, actually,
with your permission.
Yeah.
I like photographing.
We're photographing, and what we're doing is we're sending the photos off
to people who are running this project.
We're building up, well, just our story about how we're doing this project.
So that's OK.
Yeah.
And it's photos that we took, like of Michael as a baby, with you guys
and you, Jess, in your black and yellow tracksuit.
And that's what gives us the memories and helps us remember.
Isn't it?
Yeah.
Yeah, we're just trying to build up a picture from the beginning
all the way to this beautiful building we're sat in.
No.
Yeah.
And what's happened over the last 50 years.
Because how old are you, Kev?
58.
Right, so you would have been eight years old when, no, six years old
when Mencap started.
And you know Leonie, don't you?
Because she lives in your street.
Because you used to go to another place rather than Chester Mencap
during the week.
You used to go to Orchard Trust.
Yeah.
About 18 years.
About, about.
Yeah, well that would fit in.
18 years there.
About 18 years.
And what did you use to do at Orchard Trust?
Dominoes.
Dominoes?
Animals.
Yeah.
Oh, the animals.
The sheep.
There's a photo of you holding a lamb, isn't there?
Yeah.
I got a picture of him up home as well.
He's holding a baby lamb.
With his eyes closed.
I think he flashed something he doesn't know where he was.
He had his eyes closed like this.
Because I think somebody flashed it on the camera on his face
with his eyes closed like this.
If you can find that photo.
I got it at my bedroom.
Can we scan it again?
Because we're putting a story together.
Yes, I can remember that now.
You doubt the animals.
And what about you, Jess?
What have you done over the decades?
Which school did you go to?
Oh, I used to go to lots of different schools when I was little.
Yeah?
Yeah, I used to go to St. Mary's.
And then I went to...
And I was going to be a bit more.
I went to Cottercock College.
Then I went to St. Joe's.
Then after that, I went to Nash College.
And then, all gone.
So those schools that you mentioned,
they're all Catholic schools, aren't they?
Only one Catholic school was St. Mary's and St. Joe's School.
Yeah, those were Catholic schools.
Yeah, West End School wasn't though.
West End? Was that in...
That's down the bottom of the road.
Yeah.
Yeah, but it was all changed all around, you know, so yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
And you went to Nash Tech, I used to call it.
Yeah, yeah, I took on...
Well, it's Nash College, it is.
But I used to go there Monday to Friday,
use the class to press there and back, so.
And what did you do there?
Um, we'd do computer work.
And then do some other classroom upstairs
and do what you want, really.
So yeah, just work there.
Just paperwork or computer work or whatever you do.
And half round you go, do the same thing.
Then you go home.
Yeah, that's why I come there.
Good.
But, well, can I take this opportunity, both of you,
just thank you so much,
because you both agreed to this,
and I'm thrilled about that.
No problemo.
And I just hope that you both enjoyed it
and found it quite relaxing.
Yeah, what about you, Kelly?
Yeah, and thank you so much, you know, it means a lot, so.
I thought you were about to cry.
I look as if I'm about to cry.
Yeah.
Oh, gosh, there you are.
It has been nice going over old memories and talking about it,
and it's such an important thing to capture.
Because, you know, it's the memories of you guys.
Right, good bowling a lot.
You do go bowling a lot with us, don't you?
Yeah, I mean, yes, yes, too.
Yeah, we used to, well, we'd play Skittles every week, didn't we?
Yeah, we'd have a big club.
Yeah.
Yes, OK, great.
I think we'll finish there then, guys, if you're all right with that.
Yeah.
Any other questions?
No, no, no.
Happy days.
You have to cut a softener.
V.
Happy days, eh?
Cut.
Leave your mics on.